I want my hair to grow that would be
really awesome
hello girls it's Tuesday and I'm back at
college whoo um i guess i'm going to
give you a tour of my new suite yeah i
got a sweet it's in a dorm which is cool
but it's huge and i'm going to show it
to you um yeah this is my desk it's
really big and there there's an extra
thing with drawers over here and I have
like this is my favorite picture from
phoenix rising squid where I'll ticket
and I love her and books and art
supplies and a thing I haven't hung up
yet this is a cool part ready you open
the drawer and there's a mower my
recording stuff is so I can just like
record right out of this drawer I have
two calendars and the stripey thing
that's my bed and make it because I'm
going to take a nap I also have some
closets that's my roommate side of the
room her name is Suzanne she was my same
room as last year I got green towels and
then you come out of the bedroom and
this is the living room space and we
have TV a couch and the kitchen with a
really big window then there's another
bedroom over there k anchor center in
there Katie and Kristen are so cool when
I came in there watching harry potter
yay this is the bathroom we have two
showers
that means we can have a party in here
but there are cookies and brownies let's
bake a cake as you can probably tell i
haven't really decorated yet um I've
been trying to unpack and decorate but
it's been really busy because I've had
work and classes two days in a row and
it's been pretty busy rehearsal starts
tonight for my acapella group again and
I'm just really tired I kind of want to
go take a nap right now um I think I
might actually when today is awesome
because i have a snitch and an owl on my
printer cute I'm kind of trying to
figure out how I can get out of here
it's a good time been here for three
days and I already I'm sick of it but I
only have two more years to go that's
not so bad right I can get through that
good times um one of the only cool
things I did this week besides moving
into college was recording this really
awesome Ben Folds Five cover of the last
polka so if you guys like bed folds or
you just want to see what happens when I
try to make a professional-looking music
video okay it's not really
professional-looking it just is kind of
artsy and I think it's cool so if you
want to go check that video out I'm
going to put a link in the video
description I have hiccups and I'm
really excited because I picked it I
picked up the golden compass it's book
one of his dark materials and I love it
so far and i'm only like 100-something
pages into it but i really like it and
i'm excited to finish and maybe read
more of the series if i really like
which i probably will since I like it
already yay new books make me happy I
like books I don't like hiccups oh
whoops Kaylee I'll see you tomorrow